docs/en-us/best-practices/README.md, before:

# Huawei Cloud Best Practices Documentation Center

Welcome to the Huawei Cloud Best Practices Documentation Center. This documentation collection contains best practice examples for various Huawei Cloud services, helping you better use Huawei Cloud to solve real business problems.

## Documentation Navigation

### [Anti-DDoS Best Practices](anti-ddos/index.md)

Anti-DDoS (Anti-Distributed Denial of Service) is a distributed denial-of-service attack protection service provided by Huawei Cloud, which can effectively protect public IPs from DDoS attacks and ensure stable business operations.

### [Application Operations Management (AOM) Best Practices](aom/index.md)

Application Operations Management (AOM) is a one-stop application operations management platform provided by Huawei Cloud, offering enterprises a unified application operations management entry point. AOM helps enterprises achieve automated operations and intelligent management through application monitoring, log management, alarm management, and other functions, improving operational efficiency and quality.

### [API Gateway (APIG) Best Practices](apig/index.md)

API Gateway (APIG) is a high-performance, high-availability, and high-security cloud-native gateway service provided for enterprises and developers.

### [Auto Scaling (AS) Best Practices](as/index.md)

Auto Scaling (AS) is a service that automatically adjusts computing resources based on user business needs and strategies, helping you achieve dynamic resource allocation and cost optimization.

### [Business Recovery Service (BRS) Best Practices](brs/index.md)

Business Recovery Service (BRS) is a disaster recovery service for Elastic Cloud Server (ECS) and Elastic Volume Service (EVS). Through host-level replication, data redundancy, and cache acceleration technologies, it provides users with high-level data reliability and business continuity.

### [Cloud Bastion Host (CBH) Best Practices](cbh/index.md)

Cloud Bastion Host (CBH) is a secure operation and maintenance management service provided by Huawei Cloud, offering enterprises a unified secure operation and maintenance entry point. CBH helps enterprises establish secure and compliant operation and maintenance management systems through centralized identity authentication, permission management, operation auditing, and other functions.

### [Cloud Backup and Recovery (CBR) Best Practices](cbr/index.md)

Cloud Backup and Recovery (CBR) is a data protection service provided by Huawei Cloud, offering simple and easy-to-use backup services for cloud and on-premises resources. When events such as virus intrusion, human error deletion, or hardware/software failures occur, data can be restored to any backup point.

### [Cloud Container Engine (CCE) Best Practices](cce/postpaid_cluster.md)

Cloud Container Engine (CCE) is a highly reliable and high-performance enterprise-grade container management service that supports Kubernetes community-native applications and tools, providing full lifecycle management capabilities for containerized applications.

### [Cloud Operations Center (COC) Best Practices](coc/index.md)

Cloud Operations Center (COC) is a one-stop operation and maintenance management platform provided by Huawei Cloud, offering enterprises a unified operation and maintenance management entry point. COC helps enterprises achieve automated operation and maintenance and intelligent management through script management, task scheduling, monitoring and alerting, improving operation and maintenance efficiency and quality.

### [Config Best Practices](config/index.md)

Config, named as Resource Management Service (RMS) before, it is a one-stop compliance management service provided by Huawei Cloud, helping users continuously monitor and evaluate the configuration compliance of cloud resources. Config service provides pre-configured compliance rule packages and custom rules, supporting multiple compliance frameworks and standards, helping enterprises establish comprehensive compliance management systems.

### [Cloud Trace Service (CTS) Best Practices](cts/index.md)

Cloud Trace Service (CTS) is a security service provided by Huawei Cloud for recording all operations performed by users in cloud service accounts, providing operation record query, auditing, and problem positioning functions to meet security auditing and compliance check requirements.

### [Direct Connect (DC) Best Practices](dc/index.md)

Direct Connect (DC) is a high-performance, low-latency, secure and reliable dedicated line access service provided by Huawei Cloud, offering enterprises dedicated network connections from local data centers to Huawei Cloud. DC service supports multiple access methods, including physical dedicated lines and virtual dedicated lines, meeting network connection requirements for different scales and scenarios.

### [Distributed Cache Service (DCS) Best Practices](dcs/index.md)

Distributed Cache Service (DCS) is a high-performance, high-availability in-memory database service provided by Huawei Cloud, supporting mainstream cache engines such as Redis and Memcached. DCS service provides multiple instance specifications and deployment modes, including single-node, master-standby, and cluster, meeting cache requirements for different scales and scenarios.

### [Domain Name Service (DNS) Best Practices](dns/index.md)

Domain Name Service (DNS) is a high-availability, high-performance domain name resolution service provided by Huawei Cloud, supporting public and private domain name resolution. DNS service provides intelligent resolution, load balancing, health check, and other functions, helping users achieve intelligent domain scheduling and failover.

### [Distributed Message Service (DMS) Best Practices](dms/index.md)

Distributed Message Service (DMS) is a message middleware service based on distributed architecture design, with the core function of implementing asynchronous communication, decoupling system components, peak shaving and valley filling in distributed systems, and ensuring reliable message transmission and efficient flow.

### [Elastic Cloud Server (ECS) Best Practices](ecs/index.md)

Elastic Cloud Server (ECS) is a basic computing component composed of CPU, memory, operating system, and cloud disk, providing reliable, secure, flexible, and efficient computing environment for your applications.

### [EventGrid (EG) Best Practices](eg/index.md)

EventGrid (EG) is an event-driven architecture service provided by Huawei Cloud, supporting event production, routing, transformation, and consumption, helping enterprises build loosely coupled and scalable distributed application systems.

### [Identity and Access Management (IAM) Best Practices](iam/index.md)

Identity and Access Management (IAM) is a fundamental identity authentication and access management service provided by Huawei Cloud, offering core functions such as identity management, permission management, and access control for Huawei Cloud users. IAM service supports fine-grained permission control, helping enterprises achieve unified, secure, and efficient cloud resource access management through flexible combinations of users, user groups, roles, and policies.

### [Enterprise Router (ER) Best Practices](er/index.md)

Enterprise Router (ER) is a high-performance, high-availability enterprise-grade router service provided by Huawei Cloud, supporting enterprise-level network functions such as multi-VPC interconnection, dedicated line access, and VPN connections.

### [Elastic Volume Service (EVS) Best Practices](evs/index.md)

Elastic Volume Service (EVS) is a high-performance, highly reliable, and scalable block storage service provided by Huawei Cloud, providing persistent storage for ECS instances. EVS supports multiple storage types, including SSD, SAS, and SATA, meeting storage requirements for different business scenarios.

### [FunctionGraph Best Practices](fgs/index.md)

FunctionGraph is an event-driven serverless computing service that supports multiple programming languages and trigger methods, allowing you to quickly build applications without managing servers.

### [Log Tank Service (LTS) Best Practices](lts/index.md)

Log Tank Service (LTS) is a one-stop log management service provided by Huawei Cloud, supporting log collection, storage, query, and analysis, helping enterprises achieve efficient log management and monitoring.

### [Object Storage Service (OBS) Best Practices](obs/index.md)

Object Storage Service (OBS) is a high-availability, highly reliable, high-performance, secure, and low-cost object storage service provided by Huawei Cloud, providing massive, secure, highly reliable, and low-cost data storage capabilities.

### [Object Storage Migration Service (OMS) Best Practices](oms/index.md)

Object Storage Migration Service (OMS) is a one-stop data migration service provided by Huawei Cloud, helping users quickly, securely, and efficiently migrate data from other cloud service providers or local environments to Huawei Cloud Object Storage Service (OBS). OMS service supports multiple data sources, including mainstream cloud storage services such as AWS S3, Alibaba Cloud OSS, Tencent Cloud COS, and local file systems.

### [Relational Database Service (RDS) Best Practices](rds/index.md)

Relational Database Service (RDS) is a highly available, high-performance, and easily scalable relational database cloud service provided by Huawei Cloud, supporting multiple database engines such as MySQL, PostgreSQL, and SQL Server, providing enterprise-level functions such as automatic backup and monitoring alerts.

### [Scalable File Service Turbo (SFS Turbo) Best Practices](sfs-turbo/index.md)

Scalable File Service Turbo (SFS Turbo) is a high-performance file storage service provided by Huawei Cloud, specifically designed for high-performance computing and AI/ML workloads, supporting seamless integration with OBS object storage.

### [Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) Best Practices](vpc/index.md)

Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) is a logically isolated network environment provided by Huawei Cloud for users, supporting custom subnets, routes, ACLs, and other network resources, meeting enterprise-level network security and flexible networking requirements.

### [Web Application Firewall (WAF) Best Practices](waf/index.md)

Web Application Firewall (WAF) provides one-stop security protection for web applications, supporting multiple attack detection and interception, meeting enterprise-level security and compliance requirements.

### [Cloud Desktop (Workspace) Best Practices](workspace/index.md)

Cloud Desktop (Workspace) is a cloud computing-based desktop virtualization service that provides secure and convenient cloud office solutions for enterprise users, supporting multiple operating systems and terminal access methods.

## Documentation Features

- **Practice-Oriented**: Each best practice is based on real business scenarios
- **Complete Examples**: Provides complete code examples and configuration instructions
- **Detailed Guidance**: Includes step-by-step explanations and important notes
- **Principle Analysis**: Explains technical principles in a clear and accessible way

## Documentation Structure

Each best practice document typically includes the following sections:

1. **Overview**
   - Application scenarios
   - Solution advantages
   - Related products

2. **Resource Design**
   - Resource inventory
   - Architecture description
   - Dependencies

3. **Implementation Steps**
   - Preparation work
   - Detailed steps
   - Verification testing

4. **Best Practices**
   - Security recommendations
   - Performance optimization
   - Cost control

## Usage Guide

### Online Browsing

You can browse the documentation in the following ways:

1. **GitBook Method**

   ```bash
   # Install GitBook CLI
   npm install -g gitbook-cli
   
   # Start service in docs directory
   cd docs
   gitbook serve
   ```

2. **GitHub Method**
   - Browse Markdown files directly on GitHub
   - Use GitHub's file navigation features

### Offline Reading

1. **Download PDF Version**

   ```bash
   # Generate PDF in docs directory
   gitbook pdf ./ ./Huawei-Cloud-Best-Practices-Handbook.pdf
   ```

2. **Clone Repository Locally**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-org/hcbp-demo.git
   ```

## Documentation Updates

We continuously update and improve best practice documentation:

- **Regular Updates**: Based on product updates and user feedback
- **Version Control**: Using Git to manage document versions
- **Update Logs**: Recording important changes

## Feedback and Suggestions

We highly value your feedback and suggestions:

1. **Issue Reporting**
   - Submit issues on GitHub
   - Describe the problems you encountered
   - Provide reproduction steps

2. **Content Suggestions**
   - Propose new best practice topics
   - Improve existing document content
   - Share your practical experience

3. **Contribution Methods**
   - Fork the repository
   - Submit Pull Requests
   - Participate in document discussions

## Related Resources

- [Huawei Cloud Official Documentation Center](https://support.huaweicloud.com)
- [Terraform Best Practices (GitHub)](https://github.com/huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud/tree/master/examples)

## Disclaimer

- This documentation is for reference only and does not constitute any express or implied warranty
- Please fully test and verify before actual deployment
- Follow Huawei Cloud service terms and conditions

Commit message:

docs(bms): supports new best practice for basic instance

docs/en-us/best-practices/README.md, after:

# Huawei Cloud Best Practices Documentation Center

Welcome to the Huawei Cloud Best Practices Documentation Center. This documentation collection contains best practice examples for various Huawei Cloud services, helping you better use Huawei Cloud to solve real business problems.

## Documentation Navigation

### [Anti-DDoS Best Practices](anti-ddos/index.md)

Anti-DDoS (Anti-Distributed Denial of Service) is a distributed denial-of-service attack protection service provided by Huawei Cloud, which can effectively protect public IPs from DDoS attacks and ensure stable business operations.

### [Application Operations Management (AOM) Best Practices](aom/index.md)

Application Operations Management (AOM) is a one-stop application operations management platform provided by Huawei Cloud, offering enterprises a unified application operations management entry point. AOM helps enterprises achieve automated operations and intelligent management through application monitoring, log management, alarm management, and other functions, improving operational efficiency and quality.

### [API Gateway (APIG) Best Practices](apig/index.md)

API Gateway (APIG) is a high-performance, high-availability, and high-security cloud-native gateway service provided for enterprises and developers.

### [Auto Scaling (AS) Best Practices](as/index.md)

Auto Scaling (AS) is a service that automatically adjusts computing resources based on user business needs and strategies, helping you achieve dynamic resource allocation and cost optimization.

### [Bare Metal Server (BMS) Best Practices](bms/index.md)

Bare Metal Server (BMS) is a physical server that can be obtained at any time, with high performance and high availability, providing dedicated physical server resources without virtualization overhead, meeting business scenarios with high performance requirements such as high-performance computing, databases, and big data analysis.

### [Business Recovery Service (BRS) Best Practices](brs/index.md)

Business Recovery Service (BRS) is a disaster recovery service for Elastic Cloud Server (ECS) and Elastic Volume Service (EVS). Through host-level replication, data redundancy, and cache acceleration technologies, it provides users with high-level data reliability and business continuity.

### [Cloud Bastion Host (CBH) Best Practices](cbh/index.md)

Cloud Bastion Host (CBH) is a secure operation and maintenance management service provided by Huawei Cloud, offering enterprises a unified secure operation and maintenance entry point. CBH helps enterprises establish secure and compliant operation and maintenance management systems through centralized identity authentication, permission management, operation auditing, and other functions.

### [Cloud Backup and Recovery (CBR) Best Practices](cbr/index.md)

Cloud Backup and Recovery (CBR) is a data protection service provided by Huawei Cloud, offering simple and easy-to-use backup services for cloud and on-premises resources. When events such as virus intrusion, human error deletion, or hardware/software failures occur, data can be restored to any backup point.

### [Cloud Container Engine (CCE) Best Practices](cce/postpaid_cluster.md)

Cloud Container Engine (CCE) is a highly reliable and high-performance enterprise-grade container management service that supports Kubernetes community-native applications and tools, providing full lifecycle management capabilities for containerized applications.

### [Cloud Operations Center (COC) Best Practices](coc/index.md)

Cloud Operations Center (COC) is a one-stop operation and maintenance management platform provided by Huawei Cloud, offering enterprises a unified operation and maintenance management entry point. COC helps enterprises achieve automated operation and maintenance and intelligent management through script management, task scheduling, monitoring and alerting, improving operation and maintenance efficiency and quality.

### [Config Best Practices](config/index.md)

Config, named as Resource Management Service (RMS) before, it is a one-stop compliance management service provided by Huawei Cloud, helping users continuously monitor and evaluate the configuration compliance of cloud resources. Config service provides pre-configured compliance rule packages and custom rules, supporting multiple compliance frameworks and standards, helping enterprises establish comprehensive compliance management systems.

### [Cloud Trace Service (CTS) Best Practices](cts/index.md)

Cloud Trace Service (CTS) is a security service provided by Huawei Cloud for recording all operations performed by users in cloud service accounts, providing operation record query, auditing, and problem positioning functions to meet security auditing and compliance check requirements.

### [Direct Connect (DC) Best Practices](dc/index.md)

Direct Connect (DC) is a high-performance, low-latency, secure and reliable dedicated line access service provided by Huawei Cloud, offering enterprises dedicated network connections from local data centers to Huawei Cloud. DC service supports multiple access methods, including physical dedicated lines and virtual dedicated lines, meeting network connection requirements for different scales and scenarios.

### [Distributed Cache Service (DCS) Best Practices](dcs/index.md)

Distributed Cache Service (DCS) is a high-performance, high-availability in-memory database service provided by Huawei Cloud, supporting mainstream cache engines such as Redis and Memcached. DCS service provides multiple instance specifications and deployment modes, including single-node, master-standby, and cluster, meeting cache requirements for different scales and scenarios.

### [Domain Name Service (DNS) Best Practices](dns/index.md)

Domain Name Service (DNS) is a high-availability, high-performance domain name resolution service provided by Huawei Cloud, supporting public and private domain name resolution. DNS service provides intelligent resolution, load balancing, health check, and other functions, helping users achieve intelligent domain scheduling and failover.

### [Distributed Message Service (DMS) Best Practices](dms/index.md)

Distributed Message Service (DMS) is a message middleware service based on distributed architecture design, with the core function of implementing asynchronous communication, decoupling system components, peak shaving and valley filling in distributed systems, and ensuring reliable message transmission and efficient flow.

### [Elastic Cloud Server (ECS) Best Practices](ecs/index.md)

Elastic Cloud Server (ECS) is a basic computing component composed of CPU, memory, operating system, and cloud disk, providing reliable, secure, flexible, and efficient computing environment for your applications.

### [EventGrid (EG) Best Practices](eg/index.md)

EventGrid (EG) is an event-driven architecture service provided by Huawei Cloud, supporting event production, routing, transformation, and consumption, helping enterprises build loosely coupled and scalable distributed application systems.

### [Identity and Access Management (IAM) Best Practices](iam/index.md)

Identity and Access Management (IAM) is a fundamental identity authentication and access management service provided by Huawei Cloud, offering core functions such as identity management, permission management, and access control for Huawei Cloud users. IAM service supports fine-grained permission control, helping enterprises achieve unified, secure, and efficient cloud resource access management through flexible combinations of users, user groups, roles, and policies.

### [Enterprise Router (ER) Best Practices](er/index.md)

Enterprise Router (ER) is a high-performance, high-availability enterprise-grade router service provided by Huawei Cloud, supporting enterprise-level network functions such as multi-VPC interconnection, dedicated line access, and VPN connections.

### [Elastic Volume Service (EVS) Best Practices](evs/index.md)

Elastic Volume Service (EVS) is a high-performance, highly reliable, and scalable block storage service provided by Huawei Cloud, providing persistent storage for ECS instances. EVS supports multiple storage types, including SSD, SAS, and SATA, meeting storage requirements for different business scenarios.

### [FunctionGraph Best Practices](fgs/index.md)

FunctionGraph is an event-driven serverless computing service that supports multiple programming languages and trigger methods, allowing you to quickly build applications without managing servers.

### [Log Tank Service (LTS) Best Practices](lts/index.md)

Log Tank Service (LTS) is a one-stop log management service provided by Huawei Cloud, supporting log collection, storage, query, and analysis, helping enterprises achieve efficient log management and monitoring.

### [Object Storage Service (OBS) Best Practices](obs/index.md)

Object Storage Service (OBS) is a high-availability, highly reliable, high-performance, secure, and low-cost object storage service provided by Huawei Cloud, providing massive, secure, highly reliable, and low-cost data storage capabilities.

### [Object Storage Migration Service (OMS) Best Practices](oms/index.md)

Object Storage Migration Service (OMS) is a one-stop data migration service provided by Huawei Cloud, helping users quickly, securely, and efficiently migrate data from other cloud service providers or local environments to Huawei Cloud Object Storage Service (OBS). OMS service supports multiple data sources, including mainstream cloud storage services such as AWS S3, Alibaba Cloud OSS, Tencent Cloud COS, and local file systems.

### [Relational Database Service (RDS) Best Practices](rds/index.md)

Relational Database Service (RDS) is a highly available, high-performance, and easily scalable relational database cloud service provided by Huawei Cloud, supporting multiple database engines such as MySQL, PostgreSQL, and SQL Server, providing enterprise-level functions such as automatic backup and monitoring alerts.

### [Scalable File Service Turbo (SFS Turbo) Best Practices](sfs-turbo/index.md)

Scalable File Service Turbo (SFS Turbo) is a high-performance file storage service provided by Huawei Cloud, specifically designed for high-performance computing and AI/ML workloads, supporting seamless integration with OBS object storage.

### [Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) Best Practices](vpc/index.md)

Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) is a logically isolated network environment provided by Huawei Cloud for users, supporting custom subnets, routes, ACLs, and other network resources, meeting enterprise-level network security and flexible networking requirements.

### [Web Application Firewall (WAF) Best Practices](waf/index.md)

Web Application Firewall (WAF) provides one-stop security protection for web applications, supporting multiple attack detection and interception, meeting enterprise-level security and compliance requirements.

### [Cloud Desktop (Workspace) Best Practices](workspace/index.md)

Cloud Desktop (Workspace) is a cloud computing-based desktop virtualization service that provides secure and convenient cloud office solutions for enterprise users, supporting multiple operating systems and terminal access methods.

## Documentation Features

- **Practice-Oriented**: Each best practice is based on real business scenarios
- **Complete Examples**: Provides complete code examples and configuration instructions
- **Detailed Guidance**: Includes step-by-step explanations and important notes
- **Principle Analysis**: Explains technical principles in a clear and accessible way

## Documentation Structure

Each best practice document typically includes the following sections:

1. **Overview**
   - Application scenarios
   - Solution advantages
   - Related products

2. **Resource Design**
   - Resource inventory
   - Architecture description
   - Dependencies

3. **Implementation Steps**
   - Preparation work
   - Detailed steps
   - Verification testing

4. **Best Practices**
   - Security recommendations
   - Performance optimization
   - Cost control

## Usage Guide

### Online Browsing

You can browse the documentation in the following ways:

1. **GitBook Method**

   ```bash
   # Install GitBook CLI
   npm install -g gitbook-cli
   
   # Start service in docs directory
   cd docs
   gitbook serve
   ```

2. **GitHub Method**
   - Browse Markdown files directly on GitHub
   - Use GitHub's file navigation features

### Offline Reading

1. **Download PDF Version**

   ```bash
   # Generate PDF in docs directory
   gitbook pdf ./ ./Huawei-Cloud-Best-Practices-Handbook.pdf
   ```

2. **Clone Repository Locally**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-org/hcbp-demo.git
   ```

## Documentation Updates

We continuously update and improve best practice documentation:

- **Regular Updates**: Based on product updates and user feedback
- **Version Control**: Using Git to manage document versions
- **Update Logs**: Recording important changes

## Feedback and Suggestions

We highly value your feedback and suggestions:

1. **Issue Reporting**
   - Submit issues on GitHub
   - Describe the problems you encountered
   - Provide reproduction steps

2. **Content Suggestions**
   - Propose new best practice topics
   - Improve existing document content
   - Share your practical experience

3. **Contribution Methods**
   - Fork the repository
   - Submit Pull Requests
   - Participate in document discussions

## Related Resources

- [Huawei Cloud Official Documentation Center](https://support.huaweicloud.com)
- [Terraform Best Practices (GitHub)](https://github.com/huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud/tree/master/examples)

## Disclaimer

- This documentation is for reference only and does not constitute any express or implied warranty
- Please fully test and verify before actual deployment
- Follow Huawei Cloud service terms and conditions
